I have been thinking about how to give a principled account of Leibniz differential notation directed at students of many levels who have not thought about it or become confused about how they may be manipulated.
Key inspirations are: Leibniz's work. nLab's discussion on cogerm differentials.
Plan is to do a nice blog, with lots of applications to show how nice it can be to use the algebra freely and dive deeply into intersting issues touched along the way ("smell the flowers" philosophy).
Current thinking, posts would be: (1) the framework for differentials; (2) partials; (3) integrals and maybe (4) infinitessimals as an extension.
Progresss: (1) is done I think and (2), (3) work in progress. (4) not the same line of wor really.
My key points:

(1) In the spirit of Leibniz, a "variable" is a function taking a point p on a paramatrised curve $gamma$ an returns a real. 
(1A) For simplicty we can write a variable v as a function of t the curve paramater so v(t) (for an implied $gamma$ means v(gamma(t), gamma).
(2) Examples: x, y, but also s (distance along a curve from a point)
(2A) Note that global functions like x and y are just examples of variables. Nonexact values like Q and s are OK because they are defined along a curve.
(2B) There is a complete algebra of variables by pulling back all real functions, so v+w or v^w are entirely valid.
(3) For a variable v, dv(t) =f'(t), i.e. we differentiate v along the curve to find the value of dv. dQ and ds aree defined in the obvious way.
(3A) For clarity of treatment, I will not use an idea of infinitessimals here. For various reasons: readers will be familiar with limits, so f'(x) will be understood. Also there is lots of scholarly argument about what Leibniz meant by infinitesimals and lots of approaches to infinitesimals (many of which are surely not what he wanted).
(6) This is essentially the co-germ differential framework primarily devised by Toby Bartels, but for didactic purposes the notion of a germ is not necessary where a fairly well behave family of curves is being discussed. A map from a curve is sufficient. Cogerm differentials can be defined and discussed in the end notes.
(7) The parametrisation of the curve disappears in ratios like dy/dx or in equations like dy = 2dx, which is equivalent (in its definition of curves) to dy/dx=2 
(8) We can (if we want) make sure that what we write tracks that dependency by assigning a "dimension" to our expressions. a variable has dimension 0, d adds 1, multiplication sums the dimensions and you can only add expressions of the same dimension. This is essentially Leibniz's "order of infinity". We do limit the class of expressions available.
(8A) Where only *first order* differentials appear, having dimension 0 is enough for the expression to be parameter independent.
(9) Expressions invoving higher order differentials such as ddx, may not be parameter independent even if they have dimension 0. Eg ddx/dxdx is not parameter independent.
(9A) This leads to a highlight: Leibniz's "progression of variables". We can choose one variable (but only one) so that ddv =0. 
(9B) This explains why the chain rule for second order differentials looks so odd. ddx/dxdx is only the second derivative if we pick dx so that ddx is zero.
(10) Choice of v such that ddv=0, i.e. choice of the progression of variables, will simplify some expressions. 
(11) This allows some algebra to be simplified by judicial choice. That choice is not limited to ddx=0.

Notes:
(10) All of (1)-(8) could have been repeated using 1-forms. Indeed this is the approach suggested by Arnol'd and many comments on the internet.
(11) I do not do so because I want to treat higher order differentials, for which the 1-form framwework is inadepate, because they only have available to them the tangent space and so know nothing of curvature etc.
(10A) Hence. "d" here is not the "d" of exerior algebra. 

Integration:
(1) Single integrals of dimension 0 expressions is straightforward. For a co-germ differential, Integral omega over a curve gamma(t) is just Integral omega(t)dt. This is what Bartels calls "naive integration".

Notes:
(2) Multiple integration etc is a work in progress. Exactly how to express it is being thought through.

Partial:
(1) These are straightforward. We realise that "differentiate in the direction of x" does not make sense without knowing what is being held constant.
(2) We use the notation | to indicate restriction to a curve, as follows: if u is any variable (typically a cogerm differential) and c any contact element at p (i.e. a direction at p). Then u | c is restricted to curves tangent to c. 
(2b) by abuse of notatoin (or overloading) if x is a variable, u|x means u|X where X is in the irection of x 
(3) thus "partial y" means exactly the same thing as "dy" except that it provides a hint that we need to supply a direction. (to do: whether it is useful to impose some kind of type system/dimension on top of this to enforce this constraint).
(4) | is linear and pulls function back from R nicely, so that (partial f/partial x)| y = (partial f|y)/(partial x|y). The arbitrary parametrisaton of the y line cancels out.
(5) This allows immediate proof of the inverse of a partial, also makes proof of identities easy and algebraic.
(6) It also allows very nice treatment of the method of characteristics. We have freedom to choose what we put to the right of | and if we put a "nice" curve we can get nice results cleanly.
(7) Pedagogically it emphasizes that the important part of the story is what you restrict to.
