I have been thinking about how to give a principled account of Leibniz differential notation directed at students of many levels who have not thought about it or become confused about how they may be manipulated.
Key inspirations are: Leibniz's work. nLab's discussion on cogerm differentials.

My key points:
(1) In the spirit of Leibniz, a "variable" is a function from point on a parametrised curve and that curve to the reals.
(2) Examples: x, y, but also s (distance along a curve from a point), "variables" need not be everywhere defined - a plus point.
(3) We don''t use infinitesimals (contra Leibniz) but limits, because infinitesimals bring in a lot more considerations I think are orthogonal.
(4) Variables inherit any real function by pulling back. x+y is meaningful.
(5) Given a variable v, dv is the variable that maps a curve gamma(t) and a point on it at t to the differential (defined using limits) of v at that point along gamma. 
(6) This is essentially the co-germ differential framework. Nothing original. Just setting it out clearly.
(7) The parametrisation disappears in ratios like dy/dx.
(8) We can (if we want) make sure that what we write tracks that dependency by assigning a "dimension" to our expressions. a variable has dimension 0, d adds 1, multiplication sums the dimensions and you can only add expressions of the same dimension. This is essentially Leibniz's "order of infinity". We do limit the class of expressions available.
(9) A highlight is to explain "progression of variables". We can choose one variable (but only one) so that ddv =0. This explains why the chain rule for second order differentials looks so odd. ddx/dxdx is only the second derivative if we pick dx so that ddx is zero.
(10) we don't use forms, because they don't have access to higher derivatives.

Partial:
(1) These are straightforward. We realise that "differentiate in the direction of x" does not make sense without knowing what is being held constant.
(2) We use the notation | to indicate restriction to a curve, as follows: if u is a differential in our framework, and w is a "co-ordinate" (something well enough behaved, so not any variable) then u | w means (take a parametrised curve along which w is constant at every point, and hand that to u. I.e. df | w = df(w(t)), but note that here the parametrisation is arbitrary.
(3) thus "partial y" means exactly the same thing as "dy" except that it provides a hint that we need to supply a direction. (to do: whether it is useful to impose some kind of type system/dimension on top of this to enforce this constraint).
(4) | is linear and pulls function back from R nicely, so that (partial f/partial x)| y = (partial f|y)/(partial x|y). The arbitrary parametrisaton of the y line cancels out.
(5) This allows immediate proof of the inverse of a partial, also makes proof of identities easy and algebraic.
(6) It also allows very nice treatment of the method of characteristics. We have freedom to choose what we put to the right of | and if we put a "nice" curve we can get nice results cleanly.
(7) Pedagogically it emphasizes that the important part of the story is what you restrict to.
